Arrays in Js

.concat() method is used to create a new array by combinig two arrays,it will not alter the original array.

.constructor() returns the function that created the array prototype.

.copyWithin(targetindex,start_index,end_index) method copies array elements to another position in an array.

.every() takes a call back function used to check for the required condition. it return True/False; it does not change the original array

.fill() method  fills specified elements in the array with a value
syntax: fill(value,start,end); this method overwrites the original array


.filter() takes a call back function  and return a new array filled with elements that pass the test provided,it doesnot change the original array.

.find() takes a callback function and return the values the first element that pass the test.it executes a function for each array element and it does not change the original array.


.findIndex() method takes a callback function for each array element and returns the index of the first element that passes a test,it does not change the original array.

.findLast() it is similar to the .find() method.,but it gives the last  element that satisfies the condition.

.findLastIndex() it is similar to the .findIndex() ,but it gives the last index of element that satisfies the condition.

.flat() method is used to flat the array,it return the new array,it does not alter the original array.

.includes() return true/false if array contains specified value     .includes(element)

.indexOf(element) returns the first index of the specified value

.join('seperator') method returns an array as a string ,it does not change the original array

.map() takes a callback function and returns a new array from calling a function for every array element,does not change the original array

The Array.of() method creates a new array from any number of arguments.

The Array.of() method can take any type of arguments.

.reverse() method revers the order of the elements in an array.overwirtes the original array.

.shift() used to remove the first element in  original array  and returns the shifted element

.slice(start,end) method returns selected elements in an array as a new array and does not change the original array.

.some() is converse of the .every() method
 
.sort() method overwrites the original array,it sorts the array according to the strings .to sort the numbers using .sort() method a compare function method should be used .

splice() method is used to add or remove the elements  changing the original array     array.splice(index, count, item1, ....., itemX) count is for no.of elements to be add or delete.

.toReversed() method reverses the order of the elements in an array ,return a new array,doesnot change the original array
.

.unshift() method overwrites the original array by adding  the element at the beginning

The with() method updates a specified array element.

The with() method returns a new array.

The with() method does not change the original array.
